README.md, before:

# Self-Service On-Prem Datalab Inference Container

This repo contains scripts to pull and run [Datalab's self-service on-prem container](https://documentation.datalab.to/docs/on-prem/self-serve/overview).

If you need help troubleshooting or have questions, please reach out to [support@datalab.to](mailto:support@datalab.to).

- To run the container, you will need your license key.
- To pull images or search for tags in our registry, you will need your GCloud service account key.
- Both of these are available to you in your account at [https://www.datalab.to/app/subscription](https://www.datalab.to/app/subscription) after you check out.

# Prerequisites

- A VM running one of our recommended GPUs (see below)
- Docker running on that VM
- The `gcloud` CLI on the path (see [install instructions](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install))

# Running the container

You can run the container by logging into your VM and running the below:

```bash
export DATALAB_LICENSE_KEY=your-license-key
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_FILE=path/to/key.json
./run-datalab-inference-container.sh
```

The container's server runs on port 8000 by default and maps 8000 on the host by default.

Other environment variables you can set include:

- `CONTAINER_VERSION` if you don't want to use the image tagged `:latest`.
- `INFERENCE_PORT` to set the port to a value other than 8000.
- `INFERENCE_HOST` to control which network interface the container binds to (default: `localhost` for local access only, set to `0.0.0.0` for external access).
- `DOCKER_EXTRA_ARGS` to submit additional args to Docker.

## Exposing the container externally

By default, the container is only accessible from the local machine. To make it accessible from external networks:

```bash
export DATALAB_LICENSE_KEY=your-license-key
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_FILE=path/to/key.json
export INFERENCE_HOST=0.0.0.0
./run-datalab-inference-container.sh
```

When exposing the container externally, ensure your VM's firewall allows inbound traffic on the inference port, and consider the security implications of making the service publicly accessible in your scenario.

## Using a reverse proxy

You may put a reverse proxy in front of the container provided it is not used to load balance requests.

This might be desirable if, e.g. you want to send requests to the machine running the container over SSL. Both nginx and Caddy are good options for this.

## Running multiple instances

Our self-service on-prem license allows 1-to-3 running instances, each of which must stand alone. Instances beyond the first must be purchased ([details are here](https://documentation.datalab.to/docs/on-prem/self-serve/overview)).

Our intent with multiple instances is to allow customers to run instances in different environments/contexts (e.g. dev, stage, production).

If you want to increase concurrency by running multiple instances, different images, deployment instruction, and a custom contract are required. Get in touch with us regarding a custom contract at [support@datalab.to](mailto:support@datalab.to).

# Recommended GPUs

We recommend running the container on one of these GPUs, in roughly this order:

- H100
- L40S
- A10
- T4

# Tuning

The container is tuned to work well on any of the above GPUs, but we're happy to provide recommendations for your particular workloads/constraints.

Send us a note at [support@datalab.to](mailto:support@datalab.to).

Commit message:

Update concurrency instructions in README
Clarified the requirements for increased concurrency across multiple GPUs.

README.md, after:

# Self-Service On-Prem Datalab Inference Container

This repo contains scripts to pull and run [Datalab's self-service on-prem container](https://documentation.datalab.to/docs/on-prem/self-serve/overview).

If you need help troubleshooting or have questions, please reach out to [support@datalab.to](mailto:support@datalab.to).

- To run the container, you will need your license key.
- To pull images or search for tags in our registry, you will need your GCloud service account key.
- Both of these are available to you in your account at [https://www.datalab.to/app/subscription](https://www.datalab.to/app/subscription) after you check out.

# Prerequisites

- A VM running one of our recommended GPUs (see below)
- Docker running on that VM
- The `gcloud` CLI on the path (see [install instructions](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install))

# Running the container

You can run the container by logging into your VM and running the below:

```bash
export DATALAB_LICENSE_KEY=your-license-key
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_FILE=path/to/key.json
./run-datalab-inference-container.sh
```

The container's server runs on port 8000 by default and maps 8000 on the host by default.

Other environment variables you can set include:

- `CONTAINER_VERSION` if you don't want to use the image tagged `:latest`.
- `INFERENCE_PORT` to set the port to a value other than 8000.
- `INFERENCE_HOST` to control which network interface the container binds to (default: `localhost` for local access only, set to `0.0.0.0` for external access).
- `DOCKER_EXTRA_ARGS` to submit additional args to Docker.

## Exposing the container externally

By default, the container is only accessible from the local machine. To make it accessible from external networks:

```bash
export DATALAB_LICENSE_KEY=your-license-key
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_FILE=path/to/key.json
export INFERENCE_HOST=0.0.0.0
./run-datalab-inference-container.sh
```

When exposing the container externally, ensure your VM's firewall allows inbound traffic on the inference port, and consider the security implications of making the service publicly accessible in your scenario.

## Using a reverse proxy

You may put a reverse proxy in front of the container provided it is not used to load balance requests.

This might be desirable if, e.g. you want to send requests to the machine running the container over SSL. Both nginx and Caddy are good options for this.

## Running multiple instances

Our self-service on-prem license allows 1-to-3 running instances, each of which must stand alone. Instances beyond the first must be purchased ([details are here](https://documentation.datalab.to/docs/on-prem/self-serve/overview)).

Our intent with multiple instances is to allow customers to run instances in different environments/contexts (e.g. dev, stage, production).

If you need increased concurrency across multiple GPUs, contact us regarding a custom contract at [support@datalab.to](mailto:support@datalab.to). Different images and deployment instructions are also required for such a set up.

# Recommended GPUs

We recommend running the container on one of these GPUs, in roughly this order:

- H100
- L40S
- A10
- T4

# Tuning

The container is tuned to work well on any of the above GPUs, but we're happy to provide recommendations for your particular workloads/constraints.

Send us a note at [support@datalab.to](mailto:support@datalab.to).
